Re-organize documentation to match new structure (#55)
2i2c-org/pilot: admin/configuration/login.md

# User authentication & authorization

(admin/configuration/authentication)=
## Authentication

Users can prove who they are by logging in via an *authentication provider*. Currently, the following providers are supported:

1. *Google*. This includes public `@gmail.com` accounts, as well as [Google Workspace](https://workspace.google.com/) accounts set up for your workspace or university. If you use the GMail interface to access your work / university email, it can be used here.

2. [*GitHub*](https://github.com/). Extremely popular community of people creating, publishing and collaborating on code. Accounts are free, and many people already have them especially since the target community for most hubs are people who also write some kind of code.

> 3. [*ORCID*](https://orcid.org/). Everyone who has published a paper has one of these, and anyone else can easily sign up. Almost exclusively used by researchers.

Reviewer: We should tell people how they can choose one or the other, what is the process by which one is picked? Perhaps here we can just say "when we set up your hub, we'll ask you which type of authentication you prefer".

4. ???. We could probably support other authentication providers, depending on your specific needs and the provider's complexity. Please reach out to us if none of these 3 work.

> ## Authorization

Reviewer: I think we could have two sections: Authorizing Administrators, and Authorizing Users. Then we explain that administrators are generally authorized via configuration, while users are authorized via the admin panel.

Author: I've addressed this without splitting it into sections, how does it look?

Reviewer: I think it's fine, but could we add in "regular users" and "admin users" in **bold** rather than regular text? I think it's important for documentation to be glance-able. Most people will not read the whole page, they'll have a specific question in mind and they'll quickly glance the page for cues that the answer is there. So I think section headers, or bold text, is a way to give people a hint where a particular topic is covered. Does that make sense?

3. [*ORCID*](https://orcid.org/). Everyone who has published a paper has one of these, and anyone else can easily sign up. Almost exclusively used by researchers.

4. ???. We could probably support other authentication providers, depending on your specific needs and the provider's complexity. Please reach out to us if none of these 3 work.

We will ask you what provider you want when we set up the hub. We can change the provider after the fact, but only if absolutely strictly necessary.

## Authorization

Not everyone who can authenticate is granted access to the hub - that would mean
everyone with a `@gmail.com` account can log in if you use Google as your
authentication provider! Instead, we support multiple ways for hub admins to
specify which users are *authorized* to be on the hub.

Currently, there are only two supported methods for authorizing regular users:

1. [Manually add users](admin/howto/manage-users) via the admin panel in JupyterHub

> 2. (Google only) Allow all users who are logged in via aparticular domain - so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (Google only) Allow all users who are logged in via a particular domain - so
```
